Brace yourself, this is a long one my friend.

I really got excited hearing your voice. Made my week, got this huge grin. Firstly, I'll apologise for my typed response, this phone won't attach voice messages and we don't have power at the moment. Secondly, I've been a bit absent from the email, social media and the like, just wanted to zone out this Easter hey.

Happy belated Easter Sunday, and family day :D. I spent mine with the family, Saturday with dad watching football the whole afternoon. I never thought I'd watch 4 football games in rapid succession but I did. Sunday was just me and the twins. Spent the day chilling, bonding and laughing a whole lot. Yesterday had a small braai with my parents, twins and older brother, just to spend time together hey.

The young one (Kuda, the rugby player) is at Rhodes now, he was in JHB for Easter with our cousins. He seems good, living and loving in SA. He says ComSci is quite tricky but he's managing. We'll just have to wait and see in June.

What have I been doing? Well, I wanted to travel and see stuff but things aren't so good in the family. There's a lot of politics and issues that even when you visit, there's tension. Also, the situation at home, there being no maid and stuff (very very long story, for the time being take my word) I can't leave for overnights as yet.

(Timeout: I seriously just had a moment of deja vu, I've written this email before, down to me having misspelled"overnights" and autocorrect doing its thing....)

As such, my travels and adventures are limited to finding hideouts and haunts in Harare. There's a Mugg and Bean by Avondale that sells the most amazing cheesecake ever!! Dude, like that thing is out of this world!!! Lol. Hence the chubby cheeks #hides. But don't worry, they're not a sign of bad things. I've put on a bit of muscle and I look a bit pudgy. Feels good hey, bigger chest, larger arms. I feel a whole lot more confident. I wish I could go back in time, tell that self conscious teenage Tinashe that it gets waaaaay better. Lol

But don't worry, I've learnt to let go. These tensions are out of my control and I can only pray that it passes over soon and things get resolved.

Otherwise I spent my time reading, a lot. Id forgotten how much I enjoyed the hobby. Right now I'm reading through a series from my childhood, Animorphs.

Job hunt; I hate to be the prophet of doom but things this side aren't too good. Industry is not taking anyone at the moment. That being said, I've got something in sight for May. Might be taken in by ESSA, formerly ZISCO, and get training in India. Praying that it pulls through. Also sent something to Mozambique that looks promising, plus my uncle in the States said that there was a chance for employment there so I'm considering that.

Wende's passing kind of hit me kinda hard hey. I have a habit of making friends with my friends' girlfriends and we get tight after they break up (hence my reluctance to know all my peep's lady friends until it is very serious). I had last spoken to her in Feb and she seemed alright. Thing is though, she had good days and bad days and as much as it hurt, I knew she was at rest. That makes it easier, that and the hope of seeing her again someday.

All in all, I'm in an incredibly good space. Even with all the drama and everything, I needed this break to reevaluate a lot of things and discover me a bit more. And no, there isn't a Miss Tinashe... Yet ;). There have been a few near misses though, but I'll save that for another time.

Okay, I think I've hit all the areas. If I missed something, call me out on it. And keep making them voice messages, I'll join in the fun as and when internet allows.

Kindest and warmest regards

Tinashe